docs: added missing steps in MFA (TOTP) docs (#1328)
ory/docs: docs/kratos/mfa/15_totp.mdx

2. In the **TOTP Authenticator App** section, use the switch to enable TOTP.
3. Define the name of the requesting party in the **Display Name**. The users see this name in the TOTP application when getting a
   one-time password.
4. Click **Save**.

   ```mdx-code-block
   <BrowserWindow url="https://console.ory.sh/">

   ![TOTP setup in Ory Console](../_static/mfa/3.png)

   </BrowserWindow>
   ```

5. After TOTP has been enabled for the Ory Network project, a user can enable TOTP for their own account by signing in and going
   to the **Authenticator App** section of the **Account Settings** page (see
   [Pairing a TOTP app with your account](#pairing-a-totp-app-with-your-account)).

   :::note

   In the Ory Account Experience, users are **not** automatically prompted to enable TOTP on their account.

>    :::

Author: @tomekpapiernik This is exactly what PM asked me to document and it's really the whole point of this PR 😁 

So, if you are right about this being bad behaviour (and not something we should document), this seems to imply we should treat this as a bug in the Account Experience. I guess we need to ask the dev team about this. @jonas-jonas what do you think?

>    :::

Reviewer: This is important to have! Just enabling 2fa does not require users to set up 2fa. This is almost a missing feature in Ory Kratos, so having this note will clear up confusion.

>    :::

Author: Presumably an app developer prompt users to add 2fa, if that's how they wanted their app to work? I guess that different scenarios are probably possible.

>    :::

Author: I rephrased this step and note a bit in the latest version. Please check!

2. In the **TOTP Authenticator App** section, use the switch to enable TOTP.
3. Define the name of the requesting party in the **Display Name**. The users see this name in the TOTP application when getting a
   one-time password.
4. Click **Save**.

   ```mdx-code-block
   <BrowserWindow url="https://console.ory.sh/">

   ![TOTP setup in Ory Console](../_static/mfa/3.png)

   </BrowserWindow>
   ```

5. After TOTP has been enabled for the Ory Network project, each user is responsible for enabling TOTP in their own account by
   pairing their account with a TOTP app.

   :::note

   In the Ory Account Experience, users are **not** automatically prompted to enable TOTP on their account. A user can enable TOTP

>    in their account by signing in and going to the **Authenticator App** section of the **Account Settings** page.

Author: Incorporated this into the latest commit (coming up).

>    In the Ory Account Experience, users are **not** automatically prompted to enable TOTP on their account. A user can enable TOTP
>    in their account by signing in and going to the **Authenticator App** section of the **Account Settings** page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  In the Ory Account Experience, users are not automatically prompted to enable TOTP for their accounts. To enable TOTP, users must sign in to their accounts and go to the **Authenticator App** section of the **Account Settings** page.
```

Re-commenting as this hasn't been implemented.

Author: Ah! Sorry, somehow messed this up. Committing now...

   ory update identity-config <project-id> --file identity-config.yaml
   ```

4. After TOTP has been enabled for the Ory Network project, a user can enable TOTP for their own account by signing in and going
   to the **Authenticator App** section of the **Account Settings** page (see
   [Pairing a TOTP app with your account](#pairing-a-totp-app-with-your-account)).

   :::note

   In the Ory Account Experience, users are **not** automatically prompted to enable TOTP on their account.

   :::

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

## Account Experience with TOTP

After TOTP has been enabled in the Ory Network project, users have the ability to manage their own TOTP configuration using
**Account Settings**.

### Pairing a TOTP app with your account

> If TOTP is enabled in Ory Network, you can pair a TOTP app with your account, as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If TOTP is enabled in your Ory Network project, you can pair a TOTP app with your account, as follows:
```

Reviewer: I guess the `you` afterward doesn't fit well now. Maybe it should also be `a user can pair...`?

Author: Changed "your Ory Network project" to "the Ory Network project". That way, the remaining "yous" in this section are consistent with each other (addressing the user).

1. If you do not already have a TOTP app installed on your mobile phone, install a recommended TOTP app now.

> 2. On your desktop machine, sign in to your account in the Ory Account Experience and to to **Account Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On your desktop machine, sign in to your account in the Ory Account Experience and go to **Account Settings**.
```

3. Go to the **Authenticator App** section of account settings to find the QR code for pairing with the TOTP app.
4. Open the TOTP app on your phone and scan the QR code to create a new account in the TOTP app.

   ```mdx-code-block
   <BrowserWindow url="https://playground.projects.oryapis.com/ui">

   ![TOTP linking in Ory Account Experience](../_static/mfa/1.png)

   </BrowserWindow>
   ```

   :::note

   The example screenshot is captured using the Ory Account Experience.

   :::

5. On your phone, tap the new account in the TOTP app to generate a short code.
6. Enter the short code in the **Verify code** field in your account settings and click **Save**.

> 7. Ory Account Experience prompts you to confirm this action by signing in. Sign in to confirm the TOTP pairing.

Author: I removed this section from the latest version.

### Authenticating with TOTP as the second factor

After pairing the TOTP app with your account, Ory Account Experience requires you to provide the TOTP code as a second factor when
you are signing in. The new sign-in flow works as follows:

1. Initiate sign-in with the Ory Account Experience.
2. Ory Account Experience prompts you to log in with your first authentication factor (for example, user ID and password).
3. Ory Account Experience prompts you log in with TOTP as the second factor. Open the TOTP app on your phone, tap the relevant

>    account button to generate a TOTP short code, enter the code in the **Authentication code** field, and click **Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   account button to generate a TOTP, enter the code in the **Authentication code** field, and click **Use
```

>    Authenticator**.

Author: I removed this section from the latest version.

   ```mdx-code-block
   <BrowserWindow url="https://playground.projects.oryapis.com/ui">

   ![2FA with Google Authenticator](../_static/mfa/2.png)

   </BrowserWindow>
   ```

   :::info

   In this example, the user identifier (email - `alice@example.com`) is used. To learn how to enable this behavior, read
   [Distinguishing identities requesting TOTP](#distinguishing-identities-requesting-totp).

   :::

### Disabling the TOTP second factor

> You can disable the TOTP second factor on your account at any Time, as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable the TOTP second factor on your account at any time, as follows:
```

   ory update identity-config <project-id> --file identity-config.yaml
   ```

4. After TOTP has been enabled for the Ory Network project, each user is responsible for enabling TOTP in their own account by
   pairing their account with a TOTP app.

   :::note

   In the Ory Account Experience, users are **not** automatically prompted to enable TOTP on their account. A user can enable TOTP
   in their account by signing in and going to the **Authenticator App** section of the **Account Settings** page.

   :::

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

## Custom identity schema

By default, the identity schema is preconfigured to display the user's email address when requesting the TOTP short code. If you
are working with a custom identity schema, however, you must ensure that the identity schema is configured to select an identity

> trait to display in the TOTP app.

Reviewer 2: What do you mean by this? It's not clear to me. 
> identity schema is configured to select an identity trait to display in the TOTP app.
?

So basically exactly what trait is used to identify the user requesting for the code? That's described in the next paragraph `Distinguishing identities requesting TOTP`.

Author: Made this sentence more generic:
"If you are working with a custom identity schema, however, you must ensure that the identity schema is properly configured to work with TOTP."

With the details being left to the following paragraph.
